BTA-7795 Update collection architecture (#96)
transferzero/api-documentation: _docs/architecture.md

You can obtain an up-to-date list of available webhook events using the [Webhook Events endpoint](https://api.transferzero.com/documentation/#/Webhooks/get-webhook-events) of our API.

## Collections

> We have available several type of webhooks that you can subscribe to that are you may find useful when doing collections. These webhooks start with `payin_method.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have several types of webhook that you can subscribe to which you may find useful when doing collections. These webhooks start with `payin_method.`
```

Here are the webhoks available:

> * `payin_method.incomplete`: This webhook is sent out in case there is some missing details that we require you to sent in order to proceed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `payin_method.incomplete`: This webhook is sent out in case there are some missing details that we require you to send in order to proceed
```

* `payin_method.pending`: This webhook is sent out to notify you of a collection request initiated. During this time we are waiting for the Sender to send in the money

> * `payin_method.processing`: This webhook is sent out when we have received funds from the Sender and are still awaiting for a full confirmation from the provider

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `payin_method.processing`: This webhook is sent out when we have received funds from the Sender but are still awaiting for a full confirmation from the provider
```

* `payin_method.paid_in`: This webhook is sent out to notify that the collection from the Sender was successful
* `payin_method.error`: This webhook is sent out when a collection attempt has failed
* `payin_method.refunded`: This webhook is sent out to notify that we successfully refunded the money to the Sender

> * `payin_method.canceled`: This webhook is sent out to notify that we successfully cancelled the Collection and are currently attempting to refund the Sender in case the money were already sent to us

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `payin_method.canceled`: This webhook is sent out to notify that we successfully cancelled the Collection and are currently attempting to refund the Sender in case the money was already sent to us
```

If you have a balance with us you can use the `GET /v1/accounts` to get all or `GET /v1/accounts/[CURRENCY_NAME]` endpoint to obtain a specific currency's balance with us.

> In case you do collections with our API, you can also use your internal balance as a wallet where we would put the funds in once collected from your customers.

Reviewer: What do you think to simplifying this a bit? ie
```suggestion
If you use our API for collections, you can also use your internal balance as a wallet which would receive the funds collected from your customers.
```
